Add browser-specific guidance across msal-browser docs (#8631)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/login-user.md

If you already have a session that exists with the authentication server, you can use the ssoSilent() API to make requests for tokens without interaction.

> [!WARNING]
> `ssoSilent` uses a hidden iframe and depends on IdP session cookies being available in a third-party context. Browsers that block third-party cookies (for example Safari ITP, Firefox tracking protection modes, and Chrome Incognito/user-blocked third-party cookies) can cause `ssoSilent` to fail.

> > Do not use `ssoSilent` as the default SSO path in these environments, and always provide an interactive fallback. See [Browser-specific guidance](./browser-specific-guidance.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `ssoSilent` uses a hidden iframe and depends on IdP session cookies being available in a third-party context. Browsers that block third-party cookies (for example Safari ITP, Firefox tracking protection modes, and Chrome Incognito/user-blocked third-party cookies) can cause `ssoSilent` to fail so always provide an interactive fallback. See [Browser-specific guidance](./browser-specific-guidance.md) for details.
```
